['True! Without being stuck at an airport where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience they’ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America! https://t.co/68pehXFHmx', 'It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting raving &amp; cursing they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!', 'See you in New Hampshire! https://t.co/NhY0QwRrkd', 'Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! https://t.co/culShq7aqi', 'So terrible! https://t.co/L9lqQIGAUp', 'Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged &amp; Fake Media! https://t.co/ZhanbGCxuX', 'Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!', 'Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!', 'Many are blaming me and the United States for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?', 'ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.', 'As usual China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!', 'Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!', 'Thank you Steve! https://t.co/4qwvkUTg5t', 'Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!', 'I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN https://t.co/yBpGjt4N1T', 'Thank you John you are a special guy! https://t.co/yAtCFcNeDL', 'Curt Schilling a great pitcher and patriot is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends', 'The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar though more advanced technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility and far beyond. Not good!', 'Two great and loyal friends! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ', 'Scaramucci who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!', 'Thank you NEGOP! https://t.co/S5A24nleW8', 'Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!', 'Thank you @Theresa_May!🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/zFJj47UuHO', 'https://t.co/tlGGQJahr1', '#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/8eN2bvtLLU', 'House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.', 'As a sign of good faith Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!', 'London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet but I’m sure the....', '....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!', 'I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!', 'Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while I turned it off. All negative &amp; so much Fake News very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?', 'China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries including the United States in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation but U.S. is taking Billions!', 'Thank you! 🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/hm6RXLeWpp', '....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC de Blasio who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!', '.@SadiqKhan who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London not me......', 'BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!', 'Kevin Hassett who has done such a great job for me and the Administration will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!', 'Great job by law enforcement in Aurora Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!', 'https://t.co/BliAo5YDqb', '“After The Flight 93 Election The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose” by very talented Michael Anton is a terrific read. Check it out!', 'One year ago today a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland Florida. On this somber anniversary we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans especially our Nation’s children... https://t.co/MDnSX1BFeW https://t.co/EVAeSwA8oV', 'funding bill', '....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!', 'Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....', 'California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!', 'https://t.co/BS162NF8HC', 'https://t.co/ruL7Ctpdak', 'Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....', '....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!', 'Dow just broke 25000. Tremendous news!', '....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!', 'The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal they are MUCH different but....', 'If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier they are Wasting their time!', '...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!', '....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing getting remains hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...', 'When I became President ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp; running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..', 'Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.', '“Our economy right now is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true and not even close!', 'A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!', 'How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!', 'In the beautiful Midwest windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees the coldest ever recorded. In coming days expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast we need you!', 'The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man but I don’t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!', '“Job growth surges by 312000 in December” https://t.co/FCSwxFZjUF', 'GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!', 'How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia it was the Dems that Colluded) had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?', 'As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020 too much success!', '....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”', 'Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on it’s 20 years overdue....', 'https://t.co/jsOrDtwdEa', 'The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸', 'https://t.co/JzfXMAPwKP', 'The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!', 'The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!', '“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” https://t.co/vtqnUwdhjB', 'Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!', '...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!', 'Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...']