['DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020 https://t.co/hz6fWLId3L', 'Mississippi there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime tough on Illegal Immigration and will protect your Second Amendment....', '....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!', 'LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! https://t.co/QQYTqG4KTt', '“Schiff House Intel Chairman Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” SCHIFF IS A FRAUD! https://t.co/BNXiq5dsXg https://t.co/PHdh8PBTGb', 'The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016 223-306. Get a better candidate this time you’ll need it!', 'Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me to demean a First in Class at West Point is SAD!', 'Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! https://t.co/cQ3B1bGD4L', 'Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp; working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!', 'All of this impeachment nonsense which is going nowhere is driving the Stock Market and your 401K’s down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country with only the 2020 Election in mind!', 'Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!', '“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews', 'Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!', '#DONOTHINGDEMS', 'All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!', 'Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect) fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress as though mine! He is sick!', 'Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.', 'I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY however was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!', 'Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment and much else is at stake.', 'The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! https://t.co/7moLU6UTcE', 'As I learn more and more each day I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment it is a COUP intended to take away the Power of the....', '....People their VOTE their Freedoms their Second Amendment Religion Military Border Wall and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!', '....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards) who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP', 'Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement which was very dishonest and bad for me was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!', 'As I predicted Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong especially relative to ALL other currencies that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!', '....the Whistleblower and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer warmer or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!', 'So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp; Schiff) why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp; learn everything about....', 'https://t.co/dOta1Z9gtZ', 'Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!', 'Great job just in time! https://t.co/KMUXtO8IYz', 'You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration which was very good but only from the day after the big Election Win which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT &amp; getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp; Inauguration!', 'The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this! https://t.co/JIiOE2a2JF', 'Today I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten we are fighting for you! https://t.co/syyaLR0sNq', 'Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires we stand ready to assist!', '...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China currently being taxed at 25% will be taxed at 30%...', '...Additionally the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China that was being taxed from September 1st at 10% will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!', 'For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade Intellectual Property Theft and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China with no end in sight....', '....Sadly past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade we must Balance this very....', 'The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton whoever that may be has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!', '....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!', '....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States year after year for decades will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China including bringing..', '....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also I am ordering all carriers including Fed Ex Amazon UPS and the Post Office to SEARCH FOR &amp; REFUSE....', 'Our Country has lost stupidly Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year &amp; they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and frankly would be far....', 'As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...', '....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?', '....My only question is who is our bigger enemy Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?', 'As usual the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both and the U.S. will do great...', 'Now the Fed can show their stuff!', 'This despite the Fake News and Polls! https://t.co/DksmF8hTr7', 'The Economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media together with their Partner the Democrat Party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a Recession. They are.....', '..willing to lose their wealth or a big part of it just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!', '94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!', 'Happy birthday James! https://t.co/nx5yo7ajTt', '.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime Borders &amp; the 2nd A Cory fights hard for our Military &amp; Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!', 'Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! https://t.co/nNF26OQL6i', 'Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders Sanctuary Cities and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!', 'Check out a FANTASTIC new book “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!', '...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and most importantly Save Lives!', 'Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp; Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners survivors grieving family members law enforcement the NRA mental health professionals and school officials...', 'Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!', 'The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change) not late. Let America win big rather than just win!', 'Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!', 'Thank you @RealWayneRoot! https://t.co/CqjtFbnMVY', 'It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today’s order we express the everlasting love &amp; loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets &amp; God Bless America! https://t.co/MMMsX3RDQM', 'I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem he can do it. Personal meeting?', 'Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date but much good will come from the short.....', '..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!', 'Sad! https://t.co/CP9azm8U54', 'Unlike others our economy is strong! https://t.co/EvNRzB8GBY', 'We are winning big time against China. Companies &amp; jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up and in some cases have come down. China is not our problem though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp; too fast. Now too slow to cut....', '..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany and many others are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp; Gains but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!', 'The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent.  “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco', 'Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!', '“So far you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy...&amp; it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!', 'Join me tomorrow night in Manchester New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! #KAG2020 https://t.co/0UViqSlLgd', 'A fighter and champion GREAT! https://t.co/8LoTrb6Pdc', 'Great interview of Ron Vitiello Former Acting Ice Director by @JesseBWatters on @FoxNews about all of the work that is being (&amp; has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp; Asylum.', 'Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today with the amazing energy workers construction workers and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU! https://t.co/jfWGYjzwkm', 'No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID it is all so meaningless!', 'Thank you Bill! https://t.co/6TwDUEB7xm', 'True! Without being stuck at an airport where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience they’ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America! https://t.co/68pehXFHmx', 'It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting raving &amp; cursing they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!', 'See you in New Hampshire! https://t.co/NhY0QwRrkd', 'Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! https://t.co/culShq7aqi', 'So terrible! https://t.co/L9lqQIGAUp', 'Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged &amp; Fake Media! https://t.co/ZhanbGCxuX', 'Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!', 'Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!', 'Many are blaming me and the United States for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?', 'ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.', 'As usual China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!', 'Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!', 'Thank you Steve! https://t.co/4qwvkUTg5t', 'Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!', 'I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN https://t.co/yBpGjt4N1T', 'Thank you John you are a special guy! https://t.co/yAtCFcNeDL', 'Curt Schilling a great pitcher and patriot is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends', 'Congratulations @TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind! https://t.co/B6YpeLZilo', 'Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not harsh measures will have to be taken!', 'Today it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy—for the second year in a row to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories and keep on making us proud! https://t.co/nGOC4PQn6S', 'Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!https://t.co/jzc35XNLl3', 'Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!', 'Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief 91 Billion Dollars than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example Florida got $12 Billion &amp; Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to......', '....Alabama Iowa Nebraska Georgia South Carolina North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!', 'Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty actually like never before. Don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing!', 'The United States has been losing for many years 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry we’re not going to be doing that anymore!', '“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” @OANN  In other words Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history.....', 'Also there are “No High Crimes &amp; Misdemeanors” No Collusion No Conspiracy No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE and that’s what the Dems should be looking at but they won’t. Nevertheless the tables are turning!', 'Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....', '.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!', 'Once again Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens....', '....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!', 'Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA', 'https://t.co/jsOrDtwdEa', 'The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸', 'https://t.co/JzfXMAPwKP', 'The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!', 'The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!', '“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” https://t.co/vtqnUwdhjB', 'Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!', '...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!', 'Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...', 'Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!', 'Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!', 'For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country but can’t because Dems are blocking them some for two years-historic record. Passed committees but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!']